README.md, before:

# AudioEmotionRecognition" 

References

[1] K. Han, D. Yu, and I. Tashev, "Speech emotion recognition using deep neural network and extreme learning machine," in Proc. Interspeech, 2014.

https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/publication/speech-emotion-recognition-using-deep-neural-network-and-extreme-learning-machine/



## Setup:

 1. Python3.7
 
      Note : The code was developed in MAC Catalina OS
 
 2. Data 
 
    We used the IEMOCAP database 
    
    Inorder to use it please ask permissions from :
    
    https://sail.usc.edu/iemocap/
    
 
## How it works ?

 ######The Project training has 5 main stages as described below:

    1. Data preparation
        
        Run  execute_data_preparation_step.py
        
        Output : utterance_information_file_name.pickle
        
        
    2. Calculate segment level features
    
        Run execute_segment_level_featire_extraction.py
        
        Output : segment_level_features.pickle
        
    3.  Train DNN model
        
        Run execute_dnn.py
        
        Output : dnn_model.json , dnn_model_weights.h5
        
    4. Calculate statistical features
    
        Run execute_statistical_calculation.py
        
        Output : 
        
    5. Train Classifier model (in our implementation we train Random Forest Classifier instead of Extream Machine)
    
        Run execute_classifier.py
        
        Output : random_forest_model.pickel

Commit message:

Add Predict API and refactor code

README.md, after:

# AudioEmotionRecognition" 

References

[1] K. Han, D. Yu, and I. Tashev, "Speech emotion recognition using deep neural network and extreme learning machine," in Proc. Interspeech, 2014.

https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/publication/speech-emotion-recognition-using-deep-neural-network-and-extreme-learning-machine/



## Setup:

 1. Python3.7
 
      Note : The code was developed in MAC Catalina OS
 
 2. Data 
 
    We used the IEMOCAP database 
    
    Inorder to use it please ask permissions from :
    
    https://sail.usc.edu/iemocap/
    
 
How it works ?
 
1. Training Phase

 The Project training has 5 main stages as described below:

    1. Data preparation
        
        Run  execute_data_preparation_step.py
        
        Output : utterance_information_file_name.pickle
        
        
    2. Calculate segment level features
    
        Run execute_segment_level_featire_extraction.py
        
        Output : segment_level_features.pickle
        
    3.  Train DNN model
        
        Run execute_dnn.py
        
        Output : dnn_model.json , dnn_model_weights.h5
        
    4. Calculate statistical features
    
        Run execute_statistical_calculation.py
        
        Output : NOT ready yet
        
    5. Train Classifier model (in our implementation we train Random Forest Classifier instead of Extream Machine)
    
        Run execute_classifier.py
        
        Output : random_forest_model.pickel
        
             
2. Prediction Phase

    We use Flask for external API
    From Postman execute POST request to:
    
    http://localhost:8085/predictor
    
    with the jason body:
    '''
    {
      "file_name":"WavFileName.wav"
    }
    ''
    
    Note: Please save the wav file under the following directory :
            \Predict\flask\examples
